# PyProjectTwoWaits


A voice assistant or intelligent personal assistant is a software agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual based on verbal commands i.e. by interpreting human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants’ questions, control home automation devices, and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks such as email, to-do lists, open or close any application etc with verbal commands.


Speech recognition is the process of converting audio into text. This is commonly used in voice assistants like Alexa, Siri, etc. Python provides an API called SpeechRecognition to allow us to convert audio into text for further processing. In this article, we will look at converting large or long audio files into text using the SpeechRecognition API in python.


Modules needed

Subprocess:- This module is used for getting system subprocess details which are used in various commands i.e Shutdown, Sleep, etc. This module comes buit-in with Python.

Wolframalpha:- It is used to compute expert-level answers using Wolfram’s algorithms, knowledgebase and AI technology. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install wolframaplha

Pyttsx3:- This module is used for conversion of text to speech in a program it works offline. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install pyttsx3

Tkinter:- This module is used for building GUI and comes inbuit with Python. This module comes buit-in with Python.

Wikipedia:- As we all know Wikipedia is a great source of knowledge just like GeeksforGeeks we have used Wikipedia module to get information from Wikipedia or to perform Wikipedia search. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install wikipedia

Speech Recognition:- Since we’re building an Application of voice assistant, one of the most important things in this is that your assistant recognizes your voice (means what you want to say/ ask). To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install SpeechRecognition

Web browser:- To perform Web Search. This module comes buit-in with Python.

ES capture:- To capture images from your Camera. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install escapture

Pyjokes:- Pyjokes is used for collection Python Jokes over the Internet. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install pyjokes


Datetime:- Date and Time is used to showing Date and Time. This module comes built-int with Python.

Twilio:- Twilio is used for making call and messages. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install twilio

Requests: Requests is used for making GET and POST requests. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install requests

BeautifulSoup: Beautiful Soup is a library that makes it easy to scrape information from web pages. To install this module type the below command in the terminal.
pip install beautifulsoup4

Note: You can remove some of the import file if you don’t want to get that feature as here twilio for making call and messages if you don’t want to use that you can simply remove that function.
